I like the simple essence of that, but of course there is more about these teachings in all those
beautiful books that lay out of such great masses.
These, they are what they taught, what Buddha taught, is exactly truth as truth.
Therefore, Buddha is a teacher of the truth. Buddha is a teacher of the nature of where things are.
Buddha didn't really deprecated anything from the reality or exaggerated anything to what is there.
It's exactly simple pointed out of the way things are.
This four-renowned session, then commonly known as four-renowned session, is so important.
All those practicing lineage masters said, "You must reflect that."
Every session makes us more precious, how important and how beautiful.
We become more, as I said, humane, not just hovering on the space, not just hovering on the ground,
ignoring things and jumping.
But we become more practical, more knowledgeable and more humane, more knowledgeable,
so that we will appreciate ourselves and appreciate our family, friends, neighbors and all the
situations.
Situations. Deep down what he does is softening our heart, softening our heart.
In the teaching he said, "What is the sign of the knowledge or sign of the study?"
Really the best sign of the study. Have you started Buddha teaching?
Have you started? Have you know that the best sign of the study is that the individual's conduct
becomes so gentle.
The conduct becomes so gentle. Therefore, often individuals, even villages, in our area villages
said that.
It's a very huge thing to do. That person has become so peaceful and very soft.
It makes soft and gentle. That is the sign of the knowledge of the Buddha teaching.
Very down to the ground and humble and simple, yet very relaxed, inwardly beautiful.
And what is our ability, you see? The sign of the meditation, the individual, is less emotions.
Less emotions are the signs of now meditation or practicing work.
In that individual, our ability, you see, in our area, they say, "Now that individual has warmth in
their heart."
Warmth in their heart. Their heart becomes warm. Otherwise, what that opposite also indicates.
Heart is cold. Heart is strong as solid stone. Cold and ice and stone.
That is not the sign of the practitioners in the meditation.
So open to heart. Warm up. What can you see?
This person has now warmth in heart. I'm so happy his or her practice is going so well in the
direction.
They really use it in our areas.
This is. So therefore, this reflection of this form is always in the teachings said in the great
Masters.
Every session you should reflect that. So that's what I'm talking here today.
When we practice this, when you sit up with this breathing, purification exercise, we should
reflect.
Read these prayers. Prayers are the reminding of this teaching, this meaning.
And then reflect, observe that and stay there for a few seconds.
In the teaching, often said, "When you do this, then your heart is soft and warm continually during
practices."
It really warm up your heart. And deep, don't grow.
And if you don't do that, even in the many times in the teachings.
And that is great Master, for example, Kempo Makchon, said, or his great teacher, "Nyukhilunto,"
said to Kempo Makchon.
If you don't reflect that at the beginning of this session,
even your beginning of the session, of the session, that maybe three hour or three hour session,
you practice over that time, or maybe one hour.
At the beginning of the time, you maybe could be very soft-hearted practitioner.
But if you didn't reflect at the end of the session, ending, your heart becomes even more kind of
hard sometimes.
You carry it with intellectuals, all that. So therefore, this is really important.
With this understanding, then, so reflect. And I want to reflect that.
Then again, as I said, after this post-breathing purification exercise,
and then just reflect with these four different points.
And after that, then do bring about joy and appreciation.
How wonderful, how beautiful it is.
And yet also, it is, it allows my time to use this opportunity to benefit myself to other things.
I can really sincerely wish and think and reflect and bring about joy and appreciation in heart.
As I said before, many times.